docs/AUTH_SETUP.md, before:

# Auth & Settings Setup

## Overview

The app uses **Supabase Auth** with email/password and Google OAuth. Role-based access is stored in `app_user_profiles`.

## Environment Variables

Ensure `.env.local` has:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-anon-key
```

## Google OAuth Setup

1. In [Supabase Dashboard](https://supabase.com/dashboard) → your project → **Authentication** → **Providers** → **Google**
2. Enable Google provider
3. Add your Google OAuth Client ID and Secret (from Google Cloud Console)
4. Add redirect URL: `https://your-domain.com/auth/callback` (or `http://localhost:3000/auth/callback` for dev)

## Roles & Access

| Role | Settings Access | Can Assign Roles | Can Assign Sections/Actions |
|------|-----------------|------------------|-----------------------------|
| **superadmin** | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| **ceo** | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| **deputy_ceo** | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| sales, finance, design | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
| No role | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |

- New sign-ups have **no role** until assigned in Settings by an admin
- **Sections**: Controls sidebar visibility (register, sales, payments, etc.)
- **Action buttons**: add, edit, delete, export, view — use `useAuth().canPerformAction('add')` in components

## First-Time Setup

1. Sign up with email or Google
2. In Supabase Dashboard → **Table Editor** → `app_user_profiles`, set your user's `role` to `superadmin` (or run SQL: `UPDATE app_user_profiles SET role = 'superadmin' WHERE email = 'your@email.com'`)
3. Refresh the app — Settings link appears below Analytics
4. Assign roles, sections, and action buttons to other users

Commit message:

Enhancement: Refactor authentication callback and profile loading logic. The update improves redirect handling by incorporating the origin in the redirect URL and ensures proper session management in local and production environments. Additionally, the AuthProvider now includes a utility to determine the authentication provider from user data, enhancing profile fetching reliability. Documentation has been updated to address potential issues with Google sign-ins and profile loading.

docs/AUTH_SETUP.md, after:

# Auth & Settings Setup

## Overview

The app uses **Supabase Auth** with email/password and Google OAuth. Role-based access is stored in `app_user_profiles`.

## Google Sign-In / Profile Loading

If Google sign-ups or sign-ins don't load user data (profile is null):

1. **PKCE flow**: The client is configured with `flowType: "pkce"` for OAuth. Ensure the redirect URL in Supabase Dashboard → Authentication → URL Configuration includes `https://your-domain.com/auth/callback` (and `http://localhost:3000/auth/callback` for dev).

2. **Auto-create profiles (recommended)**: Run the migration in `scripts/create-app-user-profiles-trigger.sql` in the Supabase SQL Editor. This creates a trigger that auto-inserts into `app_user_profiles` when a new user signs up (email or Google), avoiding RLS/timing issues.

## Environment Variables

Ensure `.env.local` has:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-anon-key
```

## Google OAuth Setup

1. In [Supabase Dashboard](https://supabase.com/dashboard) → your project → **Authentication** → **Providers** → **Google**
2. Enable Google provider
3. Add your Google OAuth Client ID and Secret (from Google Cloud Console)
4. Add redirect URL: `https://your-domain.com/auth/callback` (or `http://localhost:3000/auth/callback` for dev)

## Roles & Access

| Role | Settings Access | Can Assign Roles | Can Assign Sections/Actions |
|------|-----------------|------------------|-----------------------------|
| **superadmin** | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| **ceo** | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| **deputy_ceo** | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| sales, finance, design | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
| No role | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |

- New sign-ups have **no role** until assigned in Settings by an admin
- **Sections**: Controls sidebar visibility (register, sales, payments, etc.)
- **Action buttons**: add, edit, delete, export, view — use `useAuth().canPerformAction('add')` in components

## First-Time Setup

1. Sign up with email or Google
2. In Supabase Dashboard → **Table Editor** → `app_user_profiles`, set your user's `role` to `superadmin` (or run SQL: `UPDATE app_user_profiles SET role = 'superadmin' WHERE email = 'your@email.com'`)
3. Refresh the app — Settings link appears below Analytics
4. Assign roles, sections, and action buttons to other users
